Dear Ms. Joan,
I hope you are doing well.
My name is Yokoko Christine, and I am part of the organizing committee for PyCon Africa 2026, happening in Uganda this year, where I serve as the Lead for the Diversity Team particularly in the area of refugees to ensure they are part of this mighty upcoming activity that Uganda is hosting.
I was referred to you by Executive Director WENDA because of the potentials that you have,  he guided me to reach out regarding potential collaboration with you to ensure our brothers and sisters also have chance to attend this mighty event.
Last year i organized an 8 weeks bootcamp on web development with 60% slots for refugees and we had 40% nationals, this bootcamp was funded by Python Software Foundation, and it was from this event and i got to understand that these refugees were very passionate about tech and with the world becoming digital and dominated with tech, its surely of great achievement that they embrace tech which they can apply into their business and even get opportunities for different tech jobs and education

PyCon is a premier conference for the Python programming language community, bringing together developers, educators, and tech enthusiasts from around the world. For more information about Pycon Africa, kindly go to  https://africa.pycon.org

This year, we’re leading initiatives focused on inclusion and supporting underrepresented groups in tech, including:
1.	Refugee Developer Program – supporting displaced developers
2.	PyLadies Africa – supporting women in tech
3.	Django Girls – introducing beginners to web development
4.	Women in Data Science – building data skills

Through these programs, we aim to:
• Provide access to technical training and mentorship
• Support underrepresented groups in tech
• Build a strong pipeline of African Python talent
We would love to explore a partnership with you as a  or collaborator or sponsor  for these diversity initiatives, and help us also get the refugees who shall benefit from this 5 days activity that will take place in Speke Resort Munyonyo- Kampala. Your support would directly contribute to:
• Empowering more refugees and women and underrepresented groups in technology
• Sponsoring tickets and travel for participants
• Supporting workshops and mentorship programs


In return, we offer:
• Brand visibility at PyCon Africa 2026
• Access to a diverse and growing tech talent pool
• Opportunities for engagement through workshops and mentorship
Thank you very much for your time, and I look forward to your response.
Warm regards,
YOKOKO CHRISTINE
Diversity Committee Incharge of Refugees
PyCon Africa 2026
Phone: +256 789578922
Email: christine.yokoko@pycon.ug
          yokokochristine@gmail.com 
         
